1.Django is a framework and python package which can be installed with pip. we need a back-end system like Django, Flask, PHP, etc., to make sure that the front-end of a website is served as per the user's request.
front-end matlab client side,user dkh skta h interact bhi,and backend mtlb server side cant interact directly and see.
(pycharm-free,open source)
2.pip install django//for uninstallation use uninstall
python -m django --version  (to check python version python --version or sys.version(python-->import sys and last exit() not ctrl+c)
[When called with -m module-name, the given module or package is located on the Python module path and executed as a script]
python -m pip install django(agr alg alg version hote h python ke aur nhi pta ki kya use krna h..(pip is for python3) then use
this command and it will install in the current version of your python.
django-admin startproject in django project folder
(django-admin is a command-line utility to which we have passed an argument, i.e., startproject.)

"utilities," are software programs that add functionality to your computer or help your computer perform better. These include antivirus, backup.)
django-admin startproject mysite
make views.py in mysite(andar waale folder ke andar)

3. __init__.py- It is mandatory to have an __inti__.py file in a directory to denote that the project is a python package and then it can be imported. This file usually remains empty.If this file gets missing, you will see “package not found error” in the absence of this file.

setting.py-It contains the configuration values which are needed by web apps to work properly such as database settings, static files location, template location, etc.

urls.py-Url declaration and mapping are made under this file.

Problem-run python code on web serverSoln-wsgi
wsgi.py-WSGI stands for web-server gateway interface.
WSGI is a describes the communication between a web server and a web application.
A web server's configuration specifies what requests should be passed to the WSGI server to process. Once a request is processed and generated by the WSGI server, the response is passed back(in the form of HTML) through the web server and onto the browser.WSGI container is a separate running process that runs on a different port than your web server.Serving thousands of requests for dynamic content at once is the domain of WSGI servers, not frameworks.The segregation of responsibilities is important for efficiently scaling web traffic.
https://www.fullstackpython.com/wsgi-servers.html

manage.py-Command-line utility for performing administrative tasks.

4.Create views.py
from . import views in urls.py  //single . for current directory
path fn- helps in routing URLs to the appropriate view function within a Django project.
path('about/', views.about, name='about'),
a)about/: It is the endpoint of the URL. 

 Example: Let's suppose a user tries to access https://www.codewithharry.com/blog/. In this URL, 'blog' is the endpoint. 

b)views.about: It is the function defined in the views.py file. Here, we are passing the function that should be executed whenever someone tries to access the 'about' page of our website. 

c)name='about': It is the name of the path. Naming a path will help us to access it from anywhere in our project.
Agar ganda sa url hota tou acha naam dekr kahin bhi project mein access krskte hain

=>import the HttpResponse object from django.http module.
https://codewithharry.com/videos/python-django-tutorials-hindi-3
Whenever a user requests a page, Django creates an HttpResponse object that contains the metadata(data that describe other data) of the request.Hence, a specific HttpResponse is generated for each view function.

5.Django Template-It is a .html file that contains HTML, CSS and Javascript.
A template language is nothing but a mix of HTML and simple programming logic.
Open setting.py and write 'DIRS': ["templates"]
from django.shortcuts import render in views.py for returning html files

render() function takes three arguments:
request: It is the argument that is required to serve the input request.
Name of the template file: The name of the template which we want to use.
Name of the dictionary: We can also pass a dictionary containing variables to the template if we want.

6.
CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery.
The server-side application generates and transmits a huge, random, and unpredictable number to the client
to make sure that the request is coming from the original client and not from a malicious website.
CSRF tokens are used to protect the site against CSRF attacks.